Now kisser canoe another drain
that brings problems and that sometimes and they do not fear
the beauty of these riverside populations and in the state of Jalisco and
in other states we have the famous legends
here in the background we are seeing the boats of the fishermen
they no longer fish
but let's go back a few years ago
when this lake was not so polluted
when I saw many species of fish because here there were quite a few species
as it happened in chapala
now at that time
that was the shining here in cajititlan
that the fishermen left
in good seasons even to bring their products because there was not a legend missing
Legend of the witch
the legend of the witch tell
one day they made this witch mad
and they try to make it run to such a degree that it ran and has been done
flattery
but as a witch she managed to survive under the waters of the lake
turning the courage that the target and has moved from here to cajititlan and that
nobody wanted her
his revenge
according to the legend that when fishermen in good times came out and
they took trust arraya full of fish in many occasions these felt very
heavy and started excited to pull the face to the calahorra
and what was his surprise
that instead of being weighed by the amount of fish that would have caught
they were quantities of stones that the witch threw at them and sometimes they were so many that
when they clogged that mayan blood truth or those networks were broken by everything
This product of the witch of Lake Cajititlán
what a beautiful legend pity that now I believe that the witch can not stand
in the waters and less when in the presidency as he was tremendous
at this moment and believe me I wanted to finish quickly to relate this
story because I did not set it aside anymore let's continue
then root that the project was implemented
the population remains a new physiognomy
cease
building a boardwalk
but nevertheless
how much is normal
this water plan
that street vito surrounding baskets
the water comes from road points
a large flow so much I do not see a catchment system
that makes it possible to be quiet and street a few pictures flood us because it springs
the drains
including the houses
solid waste
here there was
a natural decline
and the water went out without any problem but good stacks of euros corp
one
once again we have reached the end of another program
from to lagoon
and I hope you liked it
There are some critics but that before these critics
they are constructive because because we must see keeping everything for the good of the
humanity
and more in each population
where we have a lacustrine glass of this nature
I do not want to retire without first inviting you to once again
suggestion
that they have percent either destructive constructive criticism again
appears here in our email was going to look like a
phone
for you to send
your suggestions and we will gladly assist you
I hope
let us count on your assistance once again for the next program what will be
in eight days meanwhile I'm going to say goodbye because I'm seeing
and here in cajititlan they make some picones
delicious of which
Well, I can not stop
I confess that I am very weak and I liked it
after taking two picon sitos but one of them wolf and is divided into
two parts in order to whom the cameraman today in our producer
Juan Carlos Reyes can also enjoy
why in the night with a chocolatito
very hot can enjoy this delicious bread
I have done here in the lagoon
well not inside the pond if you did not operate there is someone who is this bakery
see that it is exquisite, we invite you to be with us the week that
enter where we hope to have some other things of interest
for all of you
have a great time and until the next